Notes for project

	- I first need to create a Makefile that will include the MLX42 library. 
	- I can configure MLX
	- But initallay just run the configure script in the root of the repository.
	- Add the following rule to your makefile (make sure the library in a folder called mlx_linux in the root of your project)

%.o: %.c
	$(CC) -Wall -Wextra -Werror -I/usr/include -Imlx_linux -O3 -c $< -o $@

To link with the required internal Linux API:

$(NAME): $(OBJ)
	$(CC) $(OBJ) -Lmlx_linux -lmlx_Linux -L/usr/lib -Imlx_linux -lXext -lX11 -lm -lz -o $(NAME)

An Introduction to Makefiles

	- Compile and Link 										<--- What is the difference?

	- Makefile can run miscellaneous commands. 		<--- What is considered miscellaneouse? (e.g clean up commands)
	- When any source file is adjusted then it must be recompiled. 
	- Each compilation creates a object file corresponding to the source file.
	- all object files will always be linked together to create a new executable.

A simple makefile consists of "rules" with the following shape:

target ... : dependencies ...
        command
        ...
        ...

	- Target - Name of a file that is generated by a program; 
		targets can be:
			- Executable files
			- Object files
			- Name of an action. "clean" (Phony Targets).

	- Dependency : File used to create the target.

	- Command : Action that make does.
		- Note: Some commands dont need dependencies 

	- Rule - How and when to remake certain files. 
	
	- Makefile should have variable named:
			-- OBJECTS - List of all object file names.
			-- For example	
					objects = main.o kbd.o command.o display.o \
    				      insert.o search.o files.o utils.o

Special Variables

	- $@ = target file
	- $< = first dependency
	- $^ = all dependencies
	- %  = file name base

-----------    Simple Real Makefile    --------------

CC = gcc
CFLAGS = -Wall -Wextra -Werror
SRC = main.c util.c
OBJ = $(SRC:.c=.o)

app: $(OBJ)
	$(CC) $(OBJ) -o app

%.o: %.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) -c $< -o $@

clean:
	rm -f *.o app

----------- cmake - not make -------------

In order to use the MLX42 library I need to build it first.
In order to build the MLX42 library I need to use CMake

What is CMake.


-----------    MLX42 GUIDE    -------------


	MLX42 features allow you to predefine how it should behave during runtime
		`MLX_HEADLESS` - run without opening a window 
		`MLX_STRETCH_IMAGE` - stretches the window content with the window size.

	`mlx_init()` - handle that stores important information regarding the window and looks as follows:

```c
/**
 * Main MLX handle, carries important data in regards to the program.
 * @param window The window itself.
 * @param context Abstracted opengl data.
 * @param width The width of the window.
 * @param height The height of the window.
 * @param delta_time The time difference between the previous frame and the current frame.
 */

typedef struct mlx
{
	void*		window;
	void*		context;
	int32_t		width;
	int32_t		height;
	double		delta_time;
}	mlx_t;

Between initializations you can do everything that is required such as drawing your image or opening files.

Once mlx_loop() is reached the program remains open until a shutdown is somehow requested, e.g: closing the window.

Because we want programs to be interactive and do stuff its very useful to hook into the looping process of `mlx_loop()`.
In order to achieve this we use [hooks](./Hooks.md).

NOTE: Compile MLX42 with DEBUG=1 


-------------       ERROR UNDERSTAND       -----------------

